Update academic.md (#293)
TheThingsNetwork/docs: _content/lorawan/academic.md

Title | Author | Journal/Proceedings | Year |
| -------------------- | ---------- | ---------- | ------ |

> [Analysis and assessment of LoRaWAN] (https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/search/searchresult.jsp?newsearch=true&queryText=Kieu-Ha%20Phung) |  Kieu-Ha Phung ; Hieu Tran ; Quan Nguyen ; Truong Thu Huong ; Thanh-Long Nguyen | 2018 2nd International Conference on Recent Advances in Signal Processing, Telecommunications & Computing (SigTelCom) | 2018 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Analysis and assessment of LoRaWAN] (https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8325799) |  Kieu-Ha Phung, Hieu Tran, Quan Nguyen, Truong Thu Huong, Thanh-Long Nguyen | 2018 2nd International Conference on Recent Advances in Signal Processing, Telecommunications & Computing (SigTelCom) | 2018 |
```
